all again the next day is over
I hope to sleep for free and we don’t
be I go while standing in place put
and and pass there in the window
horseradish
quietly converges
damn barb
probably why you do it so love
shadows in the cemetery made to go
wear but
But can the question be? Well, at least there already
long time no one lives there and then before
good all the window gone mad trash
resolve some spirit home not night
perhaps let's go oh I also nobody like you
could think of it at all
what
where are you hurrying ivanna songs here
everything happens for bullshit but you will
say or not what are you looking at
me like wait wait where did you go
e my well and something brought me to it
the graveyard and the dispute are silent okay shown
and bury and grave a
trait year of death is not specified what do you know
oh well i see an unburied grave year
death not specified
so, what is next
you are not
ivan okay at least with me
what is listening to laws where does he go where
you
that is, it is a passage tower
but I definitely have to go there not
just not very
h
A.R. dude got here
oh well i will say only one thing we have a lot
do later I'll tell you show